1) Plan an LLM usage along with google speech to text. 

Speech-to-text-LLM-Whisper-medium - This folder contains Speech-to-text conversion python and notebook file using pretrained Whisper medium sized model.
speech-to-text-GoogleWebSpeech_API - This folder contains Speech-to-text conversion notebook file using pretrained Google Web Speech API.
text-to-speech - This folder contains notebook file which shows how to convert speech to text using GTTS package in python.
NLP_classification_Spam_not_Spam_demo - This model is a demo model showing how to classify text into spam and not spam. It is basically doing mnulticlass text classification.  We need to modify the code according to our needs.
GRU_NLP - This model is a demo model showing how to classify text into 4 different classes. It is basically doing multi class text classification. We need to modify the code according to our needs and we need to give our dataset.
NLP_binary_class_classification - This folder contains code for spam and not spam classification which can be used for command and not command classification also.
NLP_Command_not_command_classification_using_dummy_data - Here dummy data generated artificially is been used to classify whether the given text command is actually a bike command or not.
Updated dataset for bike and non bike command - Generated and created updated dataset for bike and non bike command. Properly annoteted the labels.


2) Possible Classifications - 
i) Update - 
check
perform
cancel
status display - how long till update

ii) Local Bike - 
Battery status - How long will battery last, When shoould I get battery charged, will battery be sufficent till X, is battery health ok, 
Fuel status - How long will curr fuel last, Enough fuel available for next X km or X hrs, Fuel fillings log, 
Tires - tire pressure balanced or not, 
Greetings - greet users when vehicle starts, after identification of user, 
Safety reminders - remind user to wear helmet, drive slow if too fast based on location, 

iii) Cloud Oriented - 
Weather API usage - check weather in X, how was weather in X, How the weather will be in X
Traffic API usage - Fastest route to X, Broadest route to X, By when will I reach X, Add stops during my travel to X, 
Notifications API - sync with phone, check for mail, check for ig, check for social media, check mail from XYZ, 
Songs API - play XYZ by ABC, 

